update functions-and-operator and generated-columns (#3051)
pingcap/docs: generated-columns.md

|     └─TableFullScan_5     | 10000.00 | cop[tikv] | table:t       | keep order:false, stats:pseudo |
+---------------------------+----------+-----------+---------------+--------------------------------+
4 rows in set (0.00 sec)

alter table t add column b bigint as (a+1) virtual;
alter table t add index idx_b(b);
desc select a+1 from t where a+1=3;
+------------------------+---------+-----------+-------------------------+---------------------------------------------+
| id                     | estRows | task      | access object           | operator info                               |
+------------------------+---------+-----------+-------------------------+---------------------------------------------+
| IndexReader_6          | 10.00   | root      |                         | index:IndexRangeScan_5                      |
| └─IndexRangeScan_5     | 10.00   | cop[tikv] | table:t, index:idx_b(b) | range:[3,3], keep order:false, stats:pseudo |
+------------------------+---------+-----------+-------------------------+---------------------------------------------+
2 rows in set (0.01 sec)
```

> **Note:**
>

> > Only when the expression type and the generated column type are strictly equal, the replacement will be performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only when the expression type and the generated column type are strictly equal, the replacement is performed.
```

>
> In the above example, the column type of `a` is int and the column type of `a+1` is bigint. If the type of the generated column is set to int, the replacement will not occur.
>
> For type conversion rules, see [Type Conversion of Expression Evaluation] (/functions-and-operators/type-conversion-in-expression-evaluation.md).

> ## Limitations of Generated columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Limitations
```

The current limitations of JSON and generated columns are as follows:

- You cannot add the generated column through `ALTER TABLE`.

> - You can neither convert a generated stored column to a normal column through the `ALTER TABLE` statement nor convert a normal column to a generated stored column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can neither convert a stored generated column to a normal column through the `ALTER TABLE` statement nor convert a normal column to a stored generated column.
```

> - Not all [JSON functions](/functions-and-operators/json-functions.md) are supported;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You cannot modify the expression of a stored generated column through the `ALTER TABLE` statement.
- Not all [JSON functions](/functions-and-operators/json-functions.md) are supported;
```

Reviewer: @niezefeng ``不能通过 `ALTER TABLE` 修改存储生成列的生成列表达式`` Is this limitation no longer applicable?

|   ├─IndexRangeScan_8(Build)     | 10.00   | cop[tikv] | table:person, index:city(city) | range:["Beijing","Beijing"], keep order:false, stats:pseudo |
|   └─TableRowIDScan_9(Probe)     | 10.00   | cop[tikv] | table:person                   | keep order:false, stats:pseudo                              |
+---------------------------------+---------+-----------+--------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+
```

From the query execution plan, it can be seen that the `city` index is used to read the `HANDLE` of the row that meets the condition `city ='Beijing'`, and then it uses this `HANDLE` to read the data of the row.

If no data exists at path `$.city`, `JSON_EXTRACT` returns `NULL`. If you want to enforce a constraint that `city` must be `NOT NULL`, you can define the virtual generated column as follows:

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
CREATE TABLE person (
    id INT NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
    name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    address_info JSON,
    city VARCHAR(64) AS (JSON_UNQUOTE(JSON_EXTRACT(address_info, '$.city'))) NOT NULL,
    KEY (city)
);
```

> ## Validation of Generated columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validation of generated columns
```

| id                     | estRows | task      | access object           | operator info                               |
+------------------------+---------+-----------+-------------------------+---------------------------------------------+
| IndexReader_6          | 10.00   | root      |                         | index:IndexRangeScan_5                      |
| └─IndexRangeScan_5     | 10.00   | cop[tikv] | table:t, index:idx_b(b) | range:[3,3], keep order:false, stats:pseudo |
+------------------------+---------+-----------+-------------------------+---------------------------------------------+
2 rows in set (0.01 sec)
```

> **Note:**
>
> Only when the expression type and the generated column type are strictly equal, the replacement is performed.
>
> In the above example, the column type of `a` is int and the column type of `a+1` is bigint. If the type of the generated column is set to int, the replacement will not occur.
>
> For type conversion rules, see [Type Conversion of Expression Evaluation] (/functions-and-operators/type-conversion-in-expression-evaluation.md).

## Limitations

The current limitations of JSON and generated columns are as follows:

> - You cannot add the generated column through `ALTER TABLE`.

Reviewer 2: You cannot add the stored generated column through `ALTER TABLE`.

- You can neither convert a stored generated column to a normal column through the `ALTER TABLE` statement nor convert a normal column to a stored generated column.

> - You cannot modify the expression of a stored generated column through the `ALTER TABLE` statement.

Reviewer 2: Duplicated with L155
